# Nostalgic-Mobile-Project

My name is Laurence Wingo and I own a Human Learning and Development Software company called Nostalgic Mobile.  I use open education resources on iOS Development, Neuroscience, and machine learning to develop clinical research applications.  I’m working on a prototype application that uses push notifications to increase or decrease dopamine and cortisol levels of users.  This application uses Apple’s ResearchKit and CareKit frameworks to collaborate with University studies at Georgia State University, Emory, and MIT.  The clinical research study involves using Core Motion, HealthKit, and core location to keep track of physical activity, breathing, blood pressure, vitamin intake, and vegan dieting as users receive push notifications from Google Firebase alerting them of required tasks to improve their overall health.  Once the research study is complete and results are tallied, the user receives a patient Care Card using Apple’s CareKit framework as a list of steps to help regulate the users behavior for successful rehabilitation.  The overall goal of the research study is to help patients realize they are in control of their day to day care while also making it possible to exchange patient data and intervention care plans with physicians using Connect.  We could share care card with physicians once at a bluetooth beacon station.

To contribute to this project you'll need to clone Apple's CareKit and ResearchKit frameworks from their opens source gitHub.
